ParseEmailFiles fails on demisto.debug line (#14754)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_4_33.md

#### Scripts
##### ParseEmailFiles

> - Fixed an issue where ParseEmailFiles fails while print error to log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the automation script failed to process MIME encoded-words.
```
